Added init_emitter and emitter fixtures (CRAFT-994). (#76)
canonical/craft-cli: docs/howtos.rst

To define more automatic global arguments than the ones provided automatically by ``Dispatcher`` (see :ref:`this explanation <expl_global_args>` for more information), use the ``GlobalArgument`` object to create all you need and pass them to the ``Dispatcher`` at instatiaton time.

> Check :class:`its reference <craft_cli.dispatcher.GlobalArgument>` for more information about the parameters needed, but it's very straightforward to create these objects. E.g.::

Reviewer: I would directly expose the class name here:

```suggestion
Check :class:`craft_cli.dispatcher.GlobalArgument` for more information about the parameters needed, but it's very straightforward to create these objects. E.g.::
```

Reviewer: If not, use as you used Dispatcher below

Author: Improved.

When the emitter is paused the terminal is freed, and the emitter does not have control on what happens in the terminal there until it's resumed, not even for logging purposes.

The normal behaviour is resumed when the context manager exits (even if an exception was raised inside).

Create unit tests for code that uses Craft CLI Emitter
======================================================

The library provides two fixtures that simplifies the testing of code using the Emitter when 
using ``pytest``.

One of the fixtures (``init_emitter``) is even set with ``autouse=True``, so it will 
automatically initialize the Emitter and tear it down after each test. This way there is 
nothing special you need to do in your code when testing it, just use it.

The other fixture (``emitter``) is very useful to test code interaction with Emitter. It provides an internal recording emitter that has several methods which help to test its usage.

> The following example shows a simple usage, please refer to `its reference <craft_cli.dispatcher.html#craft_cli.pytest_plugin._RecordingEmitter>`_ for more information about the provided functionality::

Reviewer: /home/sergiusens/repo/canonical/craft-cli/docs/howtos.rst:3: WARNING: Duplicate explicit target name: "its reference".

I would align this and the previous paragraphs to make it consistent with the first two (line breaks). RecodringEmitter needs to be public for this to render documentation.

```suggestion
The following example shows a simple usage, refer to :class:`craft_cli.pytest_plugin.RecordingEmitter` for more information about the provided functionality::
```

Reviewer: You should probably replace all other instances of this, like 

    :class:`craft_cli.dispatcher.GlobalArgument` 

which had the original conflict.

Author: I just made all "long lines", as the rest of the text. It leads to more simple diffs when something change in a line (not having to re-work all cut lines).

Nice trick the `:class:` one! Improved the rest of the text.
